{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22820\viewh15040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The monastery is situated deep in the dark woodland,\
 protected by the dangerous local fauna. \
Recently a pack of invisible pigeons have made its home here. \
The monastery is a place of growth of a valuable specie of berries\
\
\
The prison of the Diamond Oracle is situated deep in the dense jungle, \
far from the nearest town. \
Recently a terryfying soul-sucking snake has made its lair here.\
\
The temple of Vastrian-Therinn is situated deep in the dark wood, \
far from the nearest town. \
Lately a pack of blood-sucking goats have made its lair here\
\
After being destroyed by a horrible earthquake a millenium ago the citadel remained abandoned. \
Lately a band of gnolls rediscovered it, making it their headquarters.\
\
For a millenium the shrine of the Immortal Master remained sealed. \
These days it is infested by eagles. \
It is said that untold treasures of ancient books can be found here.\
\
The prison is situated on a distant island. \
Recently a party of pirates rediscovered it.\
\
The Dread God is long gone, but people are still reluctant to come close to the fort. \
Recently a band of pirates rediscovered it, making it their headquarters. \
The fort of the Dread God is a place of growth of a rare specie of berries.\
\
For years the pyramid was considered lost. \
Recently a huge venomous wasp has made its lair here. \
The pyramid is a place of growth of a highly valued specie of fungi.\
\
The labyrinth is situated deep in the mountains, far from civilization.\
 Lately a huge venomous sparrow has made its lair here. \
Rumors say that untold treasures of magical artifacts are stored here.\
\
For a millenium the halls of the Mad Oracle were considered lost. \
Now they are controlled by a party of cultists. \
It is said that the halls are rich with magical artifacts.\
\
The manor of the Amber Beast is situated at a bend of the river Irontooth. \
These days it is badly infested by cats.\
\
The catacombs of the White Magus are situated on a forgotten coast. \
Recently a huge chimera has made its home here. \
The catacombs of the White Magus are home to a highly valued specie of plants.\
\
For many years the stronghold remained sealed. \
Lately a terryfying mutant owl has made its lair here. \
Word is that a legendary lamp Ak is still hidden here.\
\
After being destroyed in a great battle decades ago the palace of the Iron Reaper remained uninhabited. \
Currently it is infested by ants. The palace of the Iron Reaper is home to a rare specie of berries.\
\
The keep of Ghesh is situated at a bend of the river Darkroot. \
Now it is controlled by a gang of bandits.\
\
After being destroyed in a devastating battle a millenium ago the chambers remained deserted. \
Lately a giant albino lizard has made its home here. \
It is rumored that Tyrann-Mon, a legendary compass, is still hidden here.\
\
The shrine is situated deep in the mountains, protected by the dangerous local fauna and harsh weather. \
Recently a pack of venomous centipedes have made its lair here. \
It is said that the shrine is rich with ancient books and magical artifacts.\
\
The hall of Shedinn is situated on a lonely island. \
Lately a giant man-eating worm has made its lair here. \
It is said that the hall is rich with gold.\
\
After being destroyed by a devastating flood several centuries ago the library remained deserted. \
Now it is controlled by a party of orcs. \
The library is a place of growth of a rare specie of blooms.\
\
After being destroyed by a horrible fire decades ago the manor of the Zombie Lady remained deserted. \
Now it is controlled by a gang of orcs. \
Rumors say that the manor is rich with magical artifacts.\
\
For a long time the mansion remained uninhabited. \
Lately a huge beholder has made its home here. \
Word is that a legendary niddle Archimonde is still hidden here.\
\
After being destroyed in a devastating battle several centuries ago the castle of the Spider Queen remained abandoned. \
Currently it is overrun with werechickens, indifferent to the history of the place. \
It is rumored that a legendary scroll Arhun is still hidden here.}